{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Joseph Maher-Edgin}
{\*\company MarketLab, Inc.}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8400\viewh4420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Where do you live and how will you get to work every day? What about in bad weather?\
\
Can you stay a little later if we're running late in getting home? \
\
Do you have any health problems I should know about? (asthma attacks, debilitating migraines, seizures, etc.)\
\
Do you smoke? \
\
Do you have children of your own? How will you be able to come to work if they\'92re sick or off from school? \
\
Do you have any future plans (attending school, moving, having children of your own) that would affect how long you can stay with this job? \
\

\i Past Experience
\i0 \
What was your last job and why did you leave it?\
\
Have you cared for children and/or infants before? What are the ages of the children you\'92ve cared for? \
\
Have you had (or are you willing to get) CPR and baby first-aid training? \
\
How do you feel about not watching TV with my baby? \
\

\i Open-ended 
\i0 \
What do you like most about babysitting or being a nanny?\
\
What do you think a baby my child\'92s age needs most?\
\
Can you describe the things you might do during the day with my baby? How about when he\'92s older and more active?\
\
What would you do if our son has a temper tantrum or is crying incessantly?\
\
What would you do if my baby had a fever? What if he fell and became unconscious?}